Disable automatic pruning for ArgoCD app (#114)
projectsyn/component-argocd: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-v5-v6.adoc

= Upgrade `component-argocd` from `v5.5.x` to `v6.x`

== Migration to ArgoCD Operator

> As of version 6, the ArgoCD operator is used to manage ArgoCD on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of component version 6, the ArgoCD operator is used to manage ArgoCD on the cluster.
```

To avoid ArgoCD becoming unavailable during the migration, it has to be prevented from pruning itself until the migration is complete.

=== 1. Ensure component-argocd version v5.5.0 or higher is rolled out

component-argocd v5.5.0 or higher disables auto-pruning by default.
This is required for the migration to succeed.
Ensure your cluster uses component-argocd v5.5.0 or higher.

=== 2. Ensure steward version v0.9.0 or higher is installed on the cluster

> Steward supports the migration to component-argocd v6.x starting from steward version v0.9.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steward v0.9.0 and newer supports the migration to component-argocd v6.x.
```

> Older versions of steward will interfere with the operator-managed ArgoCD deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions of Steward will interfere with the operator-managed ArgoCD deployment.
```

Steward version v0.9.0 is introduced in component-steward v3.6.0.

> If you manage steward via Project Syn, ensure that component-steward v3.6.0 or higher is rolled out on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manage Steward via Project Syn, ensure that component-steward v3.6.0 or higher is rolled out on the cluster.
```
